In this lecture, you're going to learn how to open a web browser in a python script.
This is particularly useful if you're building an automation script
that does a bunch of tasks, and at the end you want to open up a browser window.
For example, let's say you want to build a script to deploy your website. So you
build your website locally on your development machine, when you're done, you
get deployed to a web server. At the end, you will have to open a browser
window, type the address of your website and press int. This is
manual and you can automate it, so you can have your python script, open up your web
browser at the end of deployment. So here let's print
Deployment completed. Now to open a web
browser, we need to import the web browser module.
This module has this method called open,
you simply pass the url of the target
web site, let's say google.com, now
when we run this program, we see this message here,
and the browser window opens, pointing to window.com.
So we don't have to manually type this.